# Stock Market Trading
As part of the Charming Data community project, the goal is to develop a data app that includes an agentic system that analyzes past performance and recommend trading decisions.

Explanation of the a1, a2, and a3 python files:
- `a1_simulate_trades.py` connects to yahoo finance and pulls the historical price data -- from April 1 to present time -- for all the tickers in the `trading-data.csv` (lines 1 to 54 of the code). Then, from line 61 to the end, the python code simulates trading taking place, based on the setup in the trading-data.csv. For example, if the price of a stock was between the `enter_from` to `enter_to` range, we simulated a trading position being opened. If the price of a stock reached the `pt1` point, we simulated the selling (if it was a buy long position) or buying (if it was a short position) of the stock. All the simulated trading is saved in the `executed-trades.csv` sheet.
- `a2_standardize_executed_trades.py` standardizes all the trades in the `executed-trades.csv` sheet to assume the same position size. This is good practice in the trading world. Often, professional traders will spend a pre-determined and similar amount of money on every new trade they open to ensure they limit their losses. See an example in lines 8-17 in the python file. The code in this python file creates the final `standardized-executed-trades.csv` sheet.
- `a3_analysis.py` does the data visualization and analysis of all the trades that took place, with the goal of assessing the quality and performance of the trade setups (`trading-data.csv`).
